Now I think every API is integrated. I want you to go through the entire project and update the screens with API integration.

Please:

Review the full project.

Add all the updated, working API-integrated screens to the side drawer.

Place the mock data or static screens into a separate "Extras" or "Upcoming Modules" section.

Fix the Side Drawer:

Ensure it’s properly organized with:

✅ API-integrated screens

🧪 Mock/static screens

🔮 Upcoming screens

Make sure every screen is reachable via the drawer.

Dashboard:

Create the dashboard screen using all available API data integrated so far.

Ensure it includes:

Most used modules

Important statistics (attendance, students, vehicles, etc.)

Prioritized shortcuts for accessibility and better UX

Global Filters:

Make Branch and Academic Year APIs globally available across all screens.

These two should be mandatory filters on every page, alongside a search bar.

Go through every page’s filters and:

Make them consistent in design and functionality.

You can use dropdowns, checkboxes, or radio buttons—whatever fits best for each screen.

Important: Do not remove any existing filters. Just extend or enhance them.

Navigation:

The bottom navigation bar and top menu bar should be globally available on all pages.

Apply them consistently across the app for smooth navigation.

Bug Fixes:

Fix the following issues:

Leave Quota page – 404 error (Page Not Found)

Holiday Calendar page – 404 error

Student Marks Table – Fix this error:

ts
Copy
Edit
Uncaught Error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'name')
Source:
 46 | const { colors } = useTheme();
                      ^ Error Here
Documentation:

Provide a summary of the project’s current state:

How many pages are fully functional with APIs

Which screens still use mock data

Document all the APIs used

Note: Do not remove or break any existing code. Just enhance and fix as required.

Make sure:

Every page includes:

Branch filter

Academic Year filter

Search bar

Existing + custom filters

Everything is cleanly laid out and accessible.